# A1: LAMA

Our aim is to build a project that allows users to propose questions to each other, about their individual circumstances and experiences, or inversely, to expose one's particular situation and allow others to question them.  

In an increasingly more global world, we have contact with people with vastly different lives but are not always able to explore those differences in a safe environment without fear of judgement or ridicule. **LAMA** would provide a platform for people to be **open** and **share** how their thoughts, **values**, **morals**, **habits** and **experiences** are shaped by their unique makeup and past. It will aim to be a safe breeding ground for **empathy**, **awareness** and **tolerance**.

**LAMA** will be a forum-like website where anyone can freely browse through posts. To fully enjoy the site’s features, the user has to be registered and logged in, allowing him to create and edit his profile, make their own posts and tag them accordingly. Questions can be searched by title, tags or even usernames. Furthermore, the results can be viewed using different criteria, like trending/hot, top/popular and fresh/recent.  
Users will be able to make comments and upvote/downvote comments and posts, which will influence the user's glory. In addition, a user can star/favorite a post to follow its activity. If a user is particularly active and has a good track record, an administrator will have the ability to promote him to moderator. In addition, there will be a report system so that harmful or spam posts can be taken down by moderators and admins. These privileged users will have the ability to timeout users, if applicable, blocking them from posting or commenting but still allowing them to view content. They will also be able to move posts between categories, in a situation where a post isn't in the most appropriate category. An administrator can also add/remove categories from the platform. Whenever something important happens with a user’s post (or any starred post), the platform will send a notification to that user’s profile.

Lama will have four main access groups. **Guests** are the base group, this includes all unauthenticated users, and they have the most basic permissions, which are viewing public information and posts. Next, there are the authenticated users or **members**, who hold all permissions given to guests, and they can be divided into **trusted members**, who can post but also interact with other member’s activity by voting, staring, commenting and even report their content, and **blocked members**, that are forbidden to interact with posts or comments in any way except staring posts, and additionally can contest their block. The following group, that extends the trusted members permissions, are **moderators**. These members have the possibility to review pending reports and take actions like block members, delete posts or change their category in order to resolve them. At last, the final group are the **administrators**, which, besides having all the permissions given to moderators, they can also promote members to moderators, or demote moderators to members, add or rename categories. They are also the only members that will be able to post in a category that will be reserved for announcements and inquiries regarding the platform.

## Revision history

 **09/03/2020**
* Rewrote the last paragraph from a list to paragraph.
* Added new access group - **blocked members**.
* Added **contest block** feature.
* Added new admin features - create and change categories.
* Added new moderator feature - move posts between categories.

***
GROUP2031, 14/02/2020

* Bernardo Manuel Esteves dos Santos, up201706534@fe.up.pt
* Carlos Jorge Direito Albuquerque, up201706735@fe.up.pt (Editor)
* Tito Alexandre Trindade Griné, up201706732@fe.up.pt
* Vítor Hugo Leite Gonçalves, up201703917@fe.up.pt
